# XP core value - communication
Communication is one of the most important values in this project. At the beginning, each member has very little experience on a full stack project. We learn new knowledge and share our opinion. 
We have a group meeting weekly. In the meeting, we share our progress for the week, and then we discuss more tasks to do for next week. In the group meeting, we talk about the big direction, like the structure of the project or current progress. Also, when we meet small problems like coding errors, we ask for help in a casual environment. If a person thinks his section may interfere with others’ work, we also communicate and avoid the conflict. If it is necessary to have collaboration between different members, we communicate with each other. This way we can avoid the conflict between each other as well. 
By following the value of communication, we run this project smoothly. This makes us feel we belong to  a big project rather than working alone. We can follow the progress each week, and we can really see how our work contributes to the big project. 

# XP core value - Feedback
Everyone follows the value of feedback during the learning stage.  At the starting period of the project, we learned new tools by taking some online courses or tutorials. There may be different approaches for the same problem. With the value of feedback, we share our solution, then learn together.
Also during the design of the structure, different people may have different understanding on the function of each schema model. This will cause many unnecessary redundancy. For example, some functions can be done in both frontend and backend. Theoretically, this function should appear only one time in the whole project. It happened some time that both the backend team and front end team added the same feature, which is not needed. By following the value of feedback, we can easily figure out the unnecessary part and make sure everyone  knows exactly about their tasks, without spending time on the extra feature. 

# XP core value - Simplicity, respect, courage
In this team, most of the members only have very limited experience of developing a full stack project. Therefore, the simplicity is very important. All of us had some fancy idea of how to make this project look perfect. However, the first priority is to make this service work rather than chasing something beyond our ability. During this process, we follow the value of simplicity and respect. To make this project meet the requirement, we need to figure out an approachable way to fulfill the requirement. We often have to reshape our idea to fit the requirements of the whole project, and we may need to deal with some conflicts between each other. We learn that we need to respect others’ ideas and work and also express our own thinking thoroughly.  We have the same goal, and we believe we can finish this challenging project. Meanwhile we never hesitate to ask for help when we struggle with some problems.
